IBX-5312 - Payment management permissions (#1953)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/permissions/permission_use_cases.md

- `shipment/create` - to allow the user to create a new shipment
- `shipment/view` - to allow the user to view shipments
- `shipment/update` - to allow the user to change status of an existing shipment 
- `shipment/delete` - to allow the user to cancel an existing shipment 

### Payment management

Set the following permissions to decide what actions are available when users 
interact with payment methods and payments.

#### Payment methods

- `payment_method/create` - to allow the user to create a new payment method
- `payment_method/view` - to allow the user to view payment methods
- `payment_method/edit` - to allow the user to modify an existing payment method 
- `payment_method/delete` - to allow the user to delete an existing payment method 

#### Payments

- `payment/create` - to allow the user to create a new payment
- `payment/view` - to allow the user to view payments

> - `payment/edit` - to allow the user to change status of an existing payment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `payment/edit` - to allow the user to modify an existing payment 
```

because you can update payment context and/or identifier as well.
